yes well I'm delighted that you rang mr.
tiddly tinker but perhaps if you had
bothered to call yesterday I'd still
have my car and my money thank you very
much indeed I'm sorry did I wake you yes
a sleeper thing hard to tell with you
isn't it is that tequila a lot rod rod
stewart oh it's so crazy lips back
they've never skip pet supply afraid
he's a fantastic guy and like you don't
get home in your toy no I put nail
varnish on to stop the run later on when
Barry got all hands you got stuck up you
should go out drinking with your disease
man I'm only trying to lead a normal
life I mean come on I'm not a cripple
you know and cripples not work we like
to you know know so the Disco Dancer AMA
charity fun for the sunshine pub for the
deafblind of new I mean it was fabulous
you know we had all sorts urging like we
had kids in bubbles you know and delight
I had a bit of a food you with summit
that are great you're home I mean what
was the judge it was fabulous reverse
10,000 pounds and I think that is
fantastic yes yes that is fantastic
Candis perhaps mr. rod bulgy crotch
could stop intimidating women for a few
minutes and do a benefit watch my
lecture we need the rent candy that I
know but can we just leave it for 5
minutes cuz like I'm feel really icky
alone Jennifer step into my office
please step in
now listen to me I want you to go down
to that flat agency and I want you to
get that deposit back meanwhile I'll
stall lady Carlton ok I'm going to pack
and we're going to make a very quick
getaway right hmm listen tell them I
didn't make some excuse say my mother's
had a hemorrhage or something manda what
sorry about your mother we did the all
black version of importance of being
earnest I played friends of made and you
know I really became friends of made the
first few weeks I just screamed you get
out to empty my vehicle but knowing the
next plan you get it's mine get out of
here I've got a bit of a problem as well
I should because Amanda's mother's got
hemorrhoids Jennifer did you get the
money no I didn't get the money actually
put up or a friend but what anybody else
on the street one of them in living this
flat what do you got a google eben in
here Oh small world yes too small mum
doesn't got new money Oh Celt Reggie
somewhere to live yes I know that
Jennifer her name's Shirley she's real
America yes I know that Jennifer she's
so she'll pay anything for a flat Amanda
hi hello I don't think we were properly
introduced before I'm Amanda and this is
your flat and as you can see it's very
quaint I call it old oh yes that's right
if you'd like to look around her the
bathroom's just out there sweetheart huh
those are not your colors never answer
don't think I can live with that tends
to be a bit bullshitting yes excuse me
is this in any way related to a shower
units normally other boss actually oh
you mean you just swim around in your
own dirt so on so what do you askin well
out the things I said how much 200
pounds a week but i don't okay okay okay
you paid the 50 i'll take care of the
hundred and fifty you will now about the
living arrangement well that's easily
organized I thought I'd have the master
bedroom excuse me are you are you in
another galaxy come in dr. Spock look at
them I ain't asking I'm telling uh I
will take the west wing over here and
you two can get cozy in the dormitory
come from though yeah that seems about
fun doesn't it that good old
finger-lickin British sense of fair play
right Amanda right yeah okay celebration
you got any champagne some like manisha
and done or something well I've got a
bottle of dandelion and burdock I don't
think I can live with her tends to be a
bit bossy yes here we are okay to the
three of us a tous cuz we're like all
single girl sharing the same environment
yeah but still staying in their own room
right right poor cuz I really in a mood
for celebration because I'm a talk with
Dimitri
and everything I don't hit me Vinnie to
do hello she comes with the flap too huh
well you think what happened Shelly and
this is candy she's any staying Mitchell
Wednesday she's not very well what you
got something terminal okay happens all
the time that's okay what's your name
Shelly yeah yeah listen shell you know
your esophagus mm-hmm and you know how
like when you're peristalsis goes the
wrong way that's fifth interest right
everybody can I have a little bit of
attention over here me Thank You Shelly
um I just wanted to say that since I did
procure the flat of course I realize
it's my responsibility to draw at the
cleaning rota cleaning wait wait wait
wait wait I do not do cleaning
officially I was just Samantha can you
put their mouths on hold hey I think
we'll have our tester harmony chamois to
us three four well only till Wednesday I
was gonna even above you have urine
sample row okay no arguments we're going
to lunch it's on me point me to Burger
King I got three whopper vouchers
when you present I'll try candy those
are my keys this man